overseas screening is quite extensive. Only for you, for the family also.
And go on. Awesome. That oversees reading. If there is a problem
with a family member, for instance, if a family member is exceptional
registered in the acceptable family program, then the Navy made making
a choice to switch you out. And, uh, that way you could stay with
your family and swap out with crew that's going across. That is
one thing that the Navy has tried to do with ships deployed. Um, overseas
is is have the crew swats. Okay, Well, Excel was an excellent
XO. Yeah. So my ex know from my experience, I'm sorry for my spirits.
He was from Japan. He was he was chief of the air is gonna be so off.
Thus, the ship that we were replacing so rather than him do that
and moved his family to San Diego, he was swapped out and he came to
the U. S s five game. That's old fight. So the Navy does swap out
little one and the Navy will work with you. It has a lot of screaming
for available to help you get your stuff ready. Put your stuff in
storage and movie